 19 
𝑟Goff(𝜋)=𝜋(𝑎6,-.∣𝑠G)𝜋J,2(𝑎6,-.∣𝑠G),  with standard clipping.	𝜋 is the candidate updated policy. Offline advantages are computed as: 𝐴"off=𝑄N(𝑠",𝑎")−𝑉N(𝑠"),  where the critics (𝑄N,𝑉N) are pre-trained on 𝒟J following IQL (68) which is known for its conservative advantage estimation in offline settings. This yields a candidate policy 𝜋 from 𝜋J,2 by several epochs of gradient updates on 𝒟J. OPE gate and iteration advancement. In the inner-loop updates, naively iterating clipped-surrogate PPO updates can push the policy toward actions that are poorly supported by 𝒟J, where value/advantage estimates are unreliable (47). Such over-optimistic updates cause sharp performance crashes. We therefore use approximate model-Q function (AM-Q) (47) as an OPE gate, advancing the behavior policy 𝜋J,2 only when the candidate is conservatively predicted to improve, yielding stable, OPE-monotonic behavior-policy improvement across inner iterations. We use AM-Q for offline policy evaluation (OPE) without further interaction with the environment to compare update candidate policies with current behavior policy: 𝐽pOP-Q(𝜋)=𝔼(D,;)∼(1R,F)ab𝑄N(𝑠",𝑎")S-.
"0!h,  where 𝑇r is a learned transition model. We accept the candidate and advance the behavior-policy iteration only if: 𝐽pOP-Q(𝜋)−𝐽pOP-Qs𝜋J,2t≥𝛿, (9) by setting the updated policy as behavior policy: 𝜋J,24.≔𝜋. Otherwise, we reject and keep the behavior policy unchanged (𝜋J,24.≔𝜋J,2). In practice, we set 𝛿=0.05⋅x𝐽pOP-Qs𝜋J,2tx for adaptive thresholding. Given the estimated advantage, the loss function of offline RL ℒRLoff equals to Equation (8). IL re-training matters. Re-training with IL (Algorithm 1 line 13) on the expanded dataset is crucial for: (i) distribution shift: IL adapts to the evolving data distribution as higher-quality trajectories are added; (ii) stability: supervised IL acts as a regularizer, anchoring the policy to the high-density regions of the expanded dataset 𝒟J4. and preventing the catastrophic forgetting of complex manipulation priors during pure RL exploration. (iii) multimodality: IL preserves the diffusion policy’s ability to represent multiple solution modes; and (iv) distillation: IL compacts both human demonstrations and RL-improved behaviors into a single deployable policy. Shared and frozen encoders. To ensure stable representation learning and efficient computation, all components in our offline RL pipeline share the same fixed visual encoder 𝜙 pre-trained during imitation learning. During offline RL, we keep 𝜋IL fixed and only update the task-specific heads of each module. Online RL After iterative offline RL, we perform a brief on-policy refinement on real hardware to target residual rare failures. Starting from the offline-improved diffusion policy 𝜋T-. we collect an on-policy buffer 𝒟$C by rolling out 𝜋T-.. Each environment control step 𝑡 produces one executed action 𝑎"6# through a 𝐾-step denoising chain (see Supplementary Materials (Preliminaries: Diffusion Policy and RL Fine-tuning)). We omit the subscript 𝑡 on denoising states/actions (𝑎"6,-.,𝑠"G) for readability. 