 25 
66. J. Fu, A. Kumar, O. Nachum, G. Tucker, S. Levine, D4RL: Datasets for Deep Data-Driven Reinforcement Learning. ArXiv: 2004.07219 [cs.LG] (2020). 67. E. Todorov, T. Erez, Y. Tassa, “MuJoCo: A physics engine for model-based control” in 2012 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IEEE, 2012), pp. 5026–5033. 68. I. Kostrikov, A. Nair, S. Levine, “Offline reinforcement learning with implicit q-learning” in 10th International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR) (ICLR, 2022), pp. 1-11. 69. J. Schulman, P. Moritz, S. Levine, M. I. Jordan, P. Abbeel, “High-dimensional continuous control using generalized advantage estimation” in 4th International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR) (ICLR, 2016), pp. 1-14. Acknowledgments:  We would like to thank Tianhai Liang for his contributions to the hardware design for this project, and Jiacheng You and Zhecheng Yuan for their valuable discussions and insights. Funding: TBD Author contributions: K.L.: Project lead, Core, responsible for the original idea and codebase, overall design and training of simulation and real-world experiments, and paper writing. H.L.: Core, optimized training infrastructure, led the unscrew, pour and juicing tasks, contributed to paper writing, and implemented part of the simulation baseline. D.Y.: Core, led the juicing task, contributed to paper writing, most of the real-world baselines, and implemented part of the simulation baseline. Z.W.: Core, responsible for the real-world robot setup, design, and data collection, and contributed to paper writing. L.G.: Core, led data collection for the folding task, managed its offline training process, and explored dual-arm embodiments in the early stages. Z.J.: Core, contributed to part of the algorithm design, improved consistency policy distillation, debugged and explored settings in simulation, and developed most of the simulation baselines. Z.W.: Managed the Metaworld domain tasks. S.L.: Writing refinement. H.X.: Principal Investigator (PI), Core, responsible for project direction and guidance, and contributed to paper writing. Competing interests: TBD. Data and materials availability: Additional material can be found at https://lei-kun.github.io/RL-100/  Supplementary Materials: The file includes: Tables S1 to S3. Figs. S1 to S8. Description of Tasks Preliminaries (Equation S1 to S14). Simulation Results and Analysis. Supplementary Experiment Details. Additional Related Work. Other Supplementary Material for this manuscript includes the following: Movies S1–S12 and R1-R6 (Movie list): Movie R1: Extreme OOD test of Orange Juicing. 