 32 
 Fig. S5. Online RL training curve for Agile Bowling. Per-episode success rate during online RL finetuning phase, showing rapid convergence from the iterative offline baseline (approximately 80+%) to perfect performance (100%). Description of Tasks Following the overview, we describe the objective, challenges, and further evaluation protocols beyond the normal ones of each task individually. Dynamic Push-T The Dynamic Push-T task requires the robot arm, equipped with a 3D-printed stick-like end-effector, to push a T-shaped block from various initial locations into a wooden slot that is only slightly larger (3mm each side) than the block. The T-block’s initial position and orientation are fully randomized, uniformly distributed within a 55cm × 60cm reachable workspace of the arm. The robot’s initial position and the target slot’s position are fixed. The task is considered successful only when the T-block is fully and correctly inserted into the slot. As a 3D extension of the 2D Push-T task, this task inherits the challenge of requiring high-frequency and precise dynamic adjustments but introduces additional complexities. For instance, due to the slot’s geometry, the friction coefficient at the slot’s edges varies when the T-block is partially suspended, leading to unpredictable behaviors such as significant rotations of the block. Additionally, the robot must avoid pushing the T-block into the slot in an incorrect orientation, which could lead to failure and end-effector fracture. The policy must therefore exhibit robust control to handle these dynamic and frictional variations while ensuring precise alignment with the slot.  To evaluate the generalization capabilities of the framework, we further perform the task under multiple variations: (i) different initial positions and orientations of the T-block, (ii) a wooden surface with a desktop sticker to reduce friction, (iii) the presence of additional objects on the workspace to introduce visual input distractions, and (iv) external disturbances applied to the T-block’s during pushing. These variations challenge the policy to dynamically adjust with high 